# Food.com Recipe Analysis
## Introduction
## Cleaning and EDA
## Assessment of Missingness
After cleaning our data, we noticed that we had a couple of columns containing null values. In this section, we will assessing the various types of missingness in our DataFrame.
### NMAR Analysis
NMAR, or not missing at random, refers to data where chance that a value is missing is dependent on the actual missing value. The reason why this data is missing is due to the data-generating process—the other columns in the dataset won't reveal the reason why the data is missing. A good question to ask to assess whether the given missingness is NMAR is, *Is there a good reason why the missingness depends on the values themselves?*\
Based on the aforementioned definitions, we can then conclude that the `rating` column is NMAR because in the data-generating process, we set all ratings of 0 to `np.nan`. Therefore, all the null values in the `rating` column are not missing at random, since they all correspond to the actual value of 0. If we wanted to obtain additional data that could explain the missingness (thereby making it MAR), we could add a taste evaluation for each review where users can use a one-word answer to describe the recipe's taste (e.g. "disgusting", "bad", etc.) that could explain the likelihood that a rating value is missing.
### Missingness Dependency
Now let's take a look at another column: `description`. Assessing the missingness of this column, it is not missing by desgin (MD) because we can not determine the missing value exactly by looking at the other columns nor is it not missing at random (NMAR) because there is not a good reason why missingness depends on the values themselves. Now that we've ruled out MD and NMAR, we will consider the possibility of the missingness of the `description` column being missing at random (MAR). In order to do so, we must compare `description` with another column in the DataFrame through a permutation test.\
The first column we decided to compare `description` with the number of steps in the recipe. Instead of directly comparing `n_steps` to `description`, we decided to split `n_steps` to two categories assigned to a new `steps` column: `few`, recipes with `n_steps` less than 9 (approximately the median of `n_steps`); and `many`, recipes with `n_steps` 9 or greater. The null hypothesis for this test is that the distribution of `steps` when `description` is missing is the same as the distribution of `steps` when `child` is not missing.
## Hypothesis Testing
